added details of the G1/G2 swap to the cryptography docs (#170)
drand/website: docs/docs/cryptography.md

In summary, a threshold BLS signature $\sigma$ exhibits all properties required for publicly-verifiable, unbiased, unpredictable, and distributed randomness.

#### Smaller signatures for resource constrained applications

The above description of the signature threshold scheme accurately describes how we generate signatures that contain all the necessary properties for randomness under the `pedersen-bls-chained` and `pedersen-bls-unchained` schemes. 

> Under that scheme, messages are mapped to a point on $\mathbb{G}_1$ and public keys are a point on $\mathbb{G}_2$. As a result, message signatures are 96 bytes long and public keys are 48 bytes long. For systems where users are signing large messages and/or storing a lot of public keys, this trade-off makes a lot of sense: a 96 byte signature will be a small proportion of the entire message stored or transmitted. Additionally, signatures can be aggregated to save space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under these schemes, messages are mapped to a point on $\mathbb{G}_2$ and public keys are a point on $\mathbb{G}_1$. As a result, message signatures are 96 bytes long and public keys are 48 bytes long. For systems where users are signing large messages and/or storing a lot of public keys, this trade-off makes a lot of sense: a 96 byte signature will be a small proportion of the entire message stored or transmitted. Additionally, signatures can be aggregated to save space, whereas aggregation isn't usually desirable for public keys, thus minimizing the size of the public keys is optimal for most systems.
```

Author: Disgusting use of american english, but I'll let it slide this time >.>

> For drand however, we create a single public key at foundation of the network and emit random beacons (and thus signatures) at a constant rate as long as the network is running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For drand however, we create a single public key at launch of the network and emit random beacons (and thus signatures) at a constant rate as long as the network is running. It is therefore more interesting to minimize the size of the signatures.
```

> As of [v1.5.0](https://github.com/drand/drand/releases/tag/v1.5.0-testnet) drand supports a new scheme, `bls-unchained-on-g1`, which exploits the bilinearity property of the BLS12-381 signature scheme to swap the generator groups for signatures and public keys such that signatures are created on $\mathbb{G}_2 and public keys are a point on $\mathbb{G}_1. This reduces the storage requirements of the node operators by 50% as well as reducing costs for any downstream users that require storing randomness beacons (such as smart contracts).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of [v1.5.0](https://github.com/drand/drand/releases/tag/v1.5.0-testnet) drand supports a new scheme, `bls-unchained-on-g1`, which exploits the bilinearity property of the BLS signature scheme to swap the generator groups for signatures and public keys such that signatures are created on $\mathbb{G}_1$ and public keys are a point on $\mathbb{G}_2$. This reduces the storage requirements of the node operators by 50% as well as reducing latency and costs for any downstream users that require fetching and storing random beacons (such as smart contracts).
```

For many applications using BLS12-381, messages are large and the signature constitutes a small part of the payload size. For public-facing applications, such as in blockchain ecosystems, users of the system store their public key on a
Many applications built with BLS12-381 create many keypairs and subsequently publish or store many public keys.

> Thus for that scheme, the following operations apply:

Reviewer: This reads gibberish. What did you mean?

Author: Errr think I wrote two versions and forgot to finish one haha

Author: okay, have removed it

> **Key Generation**: The $n$ participants execute a $t$-of-$n$ DKG to setup a collective public key $S \in \mathbb{G}_1$, and private key shares $s_i \in \mathbb{Z}_p^{\ast}$ of the unknown collective private key $s$.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Key Generation**: The $n$ participants execute a $t$-of-$n$ DKG to setup a collective public key $S \in \mathbb{G}_2$, and private key shares $s_i \in \mathbb{Z}_p^{\ast}$ of the unknown collective private key $s$.
```

**Partial Signature Generation**: To sign a message $m$ each participant $i$ uses their private key share $s_i$ to create a _partial BLS signature_ $\sigma_i = s_{i}H(m)$.

> **Partial Signature Verification**: To verify the correctness of a partial signature $\sigma_i$ on $m$, a verifier uses the public key share $S_i$, which is generated during the DKG, and verifies that $e(H(m),S_i) = e(\sigma_i,g_1)$ holds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Partial Signature Verification**: To verify the correctness of a partial signature $\sigma_i \in \mathbb{G}_1$ of the message $m$, a verifier uses the public key share $S_i$, which is generated during the DKG, and verifies that $e(H(m),S_i) = e(\sigma_i,G_2)$ holds.
```

> **Signature Reconstruction**: To reconstruct the collective BLS signature $\sigma$ on $m$, a verifier first needs to gather $t$ different and valid partial BLS signatures $\sigma_i$ on $m$ followed by a Lagrange interpolation on them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Signature Reconstruction**: To reconstruct the collective BLS signature $\sigma$ of the message $m$, a verifier first needs to gather $t$ different and valid partial BLS signatures $\sigma_i$ of $m$ and then needs to perform a Lagrange interpolation on them using the coefficients generated during the distributed key generation.
```
